Brush it
Card swiping successful
Received 880,000 yuan
Wrap these up
If you can't pack it, please mail it to me.
Good sir
Favorability plus 1
How is this possible?
Ling Feng, how do you have so much money?
You lied to me before, right?
I just wanted to test you.
But you didn't use the chance I gave you.
Lin Fang you bastard
I've been with you for so long
You didn't buy me a bag.
We just broke up
You spend hundreds of thousands to buy bags for other women
Why
We have broken up
I love to buy for whoever I want.
It has nothing to do with you.
Aren't you hanging out with Mr. Xu?
You ask him to buy it for you
You lost the bet.
Call me grandpa!
What to bet on
Who bet with you?
Forget it, I'll let you call me grandpa
It's an insult to me.
You're still paying for a shameless girl like Miss Wang
You are really a top-notch person. Let's go.
Xu Shang makes me mad
Don't worry, it's just a small anchor. Wait and see.